hello everyone and welcome to a
cataclyst update oh my lord look at that
lens flare look at that Lance flare
hello everybody and welcome back to one
of these updates so I have been leaving
you in the dark for a long time a long
time and oh son don't go down please be
up there you go and it has there was
long time without any catalyst news
because we couldn't continue because I
had problems with my shade back with my
shit Ahmad first which was something
very annoying it was like name plates
were glitching out i'll put up a
screenshot of it and i found it too too
distracting and over some other facial
glitches i found it too distracting and
we couldn't upload anything record
anything upon me and now that i've done
some stupid crap and we actually i fixed
up some other issues that i had some
other technical issues and now look at
this look at this it's i'm so happy that
this worse this is still the old
Catholic catechism pack we are working
on a smaller newer one which should have
less issues but look at this I am so
happy to be able to fix this because
it's been driving me up the wall
literally I was stuck with this like a
month a month with all these technical
issues and then it was just so annoying
and I let you guys wait so much and now
this is fixed so it's so good also I'm
flying through a little bit of the map
here so here's a little preview of
what's to come so some other things
about the series because you know what
I'm just gonna try to get get you up to
speed again to where we are because I
know you guys been waiting a long time
and it's good to have some news again
and so here we go so we actually
recorded episode 7 back in January so
that's four months ago already and I
finished that episode completely us with
the old shader pack which didn't have
too many issues at the moment but now it
looks a lot smoother and better and so
glorious and we recorded and finish that
episode a long time ago
and we still got let's see episodes
we've still got like five episodes to do
before the season ends and when we're
going to do it is hopefully we're gonna
we're going to record a bit this month
with a bit I mean like an episode or
three because I don't feel comfortable
with uploading episode 7 yet because we
don't have anything recorded yet all the
other stuff we haven't recorded it and
you know I don't want the whole spiel
like last time where I have an episode
ii and then it takes like a month or
longer for the next one to be done so i
want at least get 2 episode 10 recorded
before i start uploading and before and
before like a week before i start
uploading i'll give you a little teaser
trailer and i don't know when that might
be hopefully if things go as planned
hopefully that could be begin june or
okay yeah babe begin June let's keep it
at that's the most realistic because if
we can record this month then we should
be totally able to do that and that will
be I would be really happy because I
really really want to continue the
series and with this being fixed it got
me quite height again and with this new
shader pack it looks absolutely gorgeous
and I'm very happy as you probably can
hear because you know at the moment I'm
I'm extremely happy that this is working
so let's just look through three so
that's so look so fucking good so yeah
we got I got the technical shit fixed
we're still working on a smaller package
with less glitches but at the moment is
good enough to record stuff on it so I'm
gonna go get the other guys and we're
going to go get the dates to record the
next episodes so ya episode 7 has been
recorded like four months back and we'll
try to go for june and i know i said
back in december i was trying to go for
january but yeah we had so much so many
issues and I think there are about to
get resolved I like everything it's just
getting everyone together for recording
and if we can do that then then this
should be new episodes very soon and I'm
very proud of what episode 7 was it was
great even though we had some some
issues here and there and
I think the rest of the season will you
can be better and our story we've
written down 2 episode 10 or something
11 and we're going to get it back on
that soon as well Patrick and I and it's
gonna be amazing so i hope i hyped you
up a little bit guys because i'm hyped a
shit at the moment with this i'm just
looking at the Sun justice lens flares
amazing here's a little preview of the
map just just a little little part of it
this is actually if we go here this is
the bit that was at the NFF so six truth
i believe was called by wrong actually
one of the episode six of season two we
were walking down here me Ryan the
character Ryan Rask of each and Peter
and this is where we ended like I can
show you the exact area like we would
look in here this will be so much epic
more epic with this this shade back yeah
this is where I ended I said like the
finally civilization and we'll see in
the next few episodes if that is true
and this is just a really good map on it
and I'm not like that that way I'm not
gonna show you anything because that is
spoiler territory so I'll just ruin your
okay I guess that's it so I'm fly up
this building look at that beautiful and
yeah we're gonna work on this again and
I'm really height and I can't wait to
continue the series so if you if you
enjoyed cataclyst if your fan of the
cataclyst do some please show your
support in the comments down below that
let me know that there are many people
that do care about this and then we can
get working on harder I mean it sounds a
little bit fishy but you know the more
feedback we get the more motivated we
are and at the moment I'm quite
motivated so yeah if you have anything
to say at all if you can want to show
your hype leave a comment down below if
you want to anything else I don't month
i'll reply to everything except is like
a really free weird and then i might not
reply but otherwise i'll reply and yeah
also i'm not having many videos lately
and i hope to get back on that soon as
well we've got like amazing plans for
the summer and with great series as well
including the Cataclysm and look at this
this is this is scary okay alright well
thank you everyone so much for watching
it's just another day thank you for
watching i'm sorry i'm not really we
hiked to the moment and hopefully we'll
be back very soon with more catalyst so
till then guys goodbye